Java: cds.Map (#2197)
cap-js/docs: java/cds-data.md

<div id="cdsdata-serialization-jsonconverter"/>

> ## Map Data<Beta /> { #cds-map }

Author: ```suggestion
## Map Data { #cds-map }
```

this part is note beta

Elements of type `cds.Map` can be used to store arbitrary _schemaless_  [stuctured data](#structured-data). CAP Java represents data of elements of type `cds.Map` as `Map<String, Object>`.

On the database, this data is serialized to [JSON](https://www.json.org/)<sup>(2)</sup>. Only data types that are compatible with JSON can be stored and retrieved:

| Java Type                        | JSON Type       |
| ---------------------------------| --------------- |
| `java.lang.String`               | `string`        |
| `java.lang.Number`<sup>(2)</sup> | `number`        |
| `java.lang.Boolean`              | `true`, `false` |
| `java.util.Map`                  | `object`        |
| `java.util.List`                 | `array`         |
| `null`                           | `null`          |

> <sup>(1)</sup> Serialized as JSON to a CLOB column or JSONB column (on Postgres)

> <sup>(2)</sup> The actual subclass of a `Number` is not preserved upon serialization and might change upon deserialization.

> Map data can be nested and may contain `List`s, which are serialized to JSON arrays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Map data can be nested and may contain nested maps and lists, which are serialized to JSON objects and arrays, respectively.
```
